friends I want to talk about how we
allocate our marketing budget so imagine
with me if you will that this graph here
represents where your audience is
influenced so so for example I'll I'm
going to show you the labels but you'll
see in a minute why they're in these
weird places so in this light blue here
there's 145,000 let's imagine that's
145,000 people in a month who visit
industry websites and blogs in your
field your space and there's another
140,000 just slightly fewer who follow
and engage with specifically social
fields in your industry then there's
110,000 who pay attention to YouTube
channels you get the idea then we've got
email newsletters and things that they
search for in Google right the combined
volume of all the Google Search keywords
that are related to the thing you do
slack and WhatsApp groups conferences
events social ads blah blah blah blah
blah that's where your audience is
located that's where they're paying
attention to sources of influence in
your
field but where do you allocate budget
and this this is where the second part
of this pie chart comes
in if you imagine and take your budget
your marketing budget including the
people that you pay you know whether
that's agency or in-house to do
marketing for you that might not cost
directly anything but their time and
energy is part of that are are you way
overweighted in some areas and super
underinvestigated you can get to these
places you can do that manually or you
could use a tool like spark Toro to do
it but I think what's really important
here is to recognize that we might be
massively overspending in areas that
have less influence and ignoring areas
that have more there can be good reasons
why that might happen but you should
know about it you should be able to in
your mind in your in your presentation
deck that you show your CEO explain any
discrepancy that's happening in here and
we should budget more logically